welcome to the men of recaps this is
Arrested Development season 5 part 1
Michael Bluth and his son George Michael
were both dating actress rebel alley
when they figured this out George
Michael punched his dad
prompting Michael to take a family
self-defense class so next time they
meet he's ready for it Michael had also
just caught his brother job after having
sex with rival magician Tony wonder job
gave his brother a forget-me-now which
is a roofie and Michael wakes up with no
memory of Cinco de cuatro where he
attempted to pay off his debt to Lucille
2 with sexual favors but with no memory
of that when Michael gets the letter
that his debt was forgiven he goes to
thank Lucille 2 in person only to find
his entire family has commandeered her
apartment but Lucille 2 was murdered or
is maybe just missing where is Lucille
austero
they're working on the campaign for his
sister Lindsay who is accidentally now
running for Congress when the Bluths
give themselves the family of the Year
award
Lucille reads a very nice speech about
her daughter but that's the speech maybe
wrote for her mother to say about her
maybe he has been her mother Lindsay's
campaign manager but no matter what she
has Lindsay say she just goes up in the
polls
so Lindsay finally got some approval
from her mother only to realize she
doesn't want it she's going to find her
real family remember she was adopted
michael was going to leave on a scuba
trip to google map the ocean floor but
George Michael comes and father and son
finally talk out their issues George
senior comes to but he's trying to kill
himself he's been super depressed lately
because his testosterone levels are gone
and his unsatisfied wife Lucille has
found a new beach bum boyfriend yes the
Bluth beach house that the family sold
after Michaels wife died there they
never sold it they've just been keeping
it a secret from Michael around this
time the family realizes no one's seen
Buster in a while because he's in jail
for the murder or maybe disappearance of
Lucille 2 they get bail money to the
family lawyer Barry zuckerkorn and have
a welcome home from prison party but
Barry shows up without Buster turns out
that was his bail they paid an honest
mistake anyone could have made it now
Tobias eager to stay part of the family
with his wife Lindsay gone has been
acting as the different glue family
members and he's got this young acting
partner named Murphy Brown who everyone
assumes is his boyfriend but is actually
his illegitimate son more on that later
I guess meanwhile Maeby is pretending to
be an old lady so she can live in the
awesome retirement community where she's
squatting in Lucille 2 is empty condo
but turns out it's not so empty Lucille
2 co-owned it with Stan Sitwell
so maybe pretends to be dating him in
order to stay George Michael wants some
relationship advice on how to end things
with rebel he hasn't seen her since the
whole thing with his dad
maybe tells him to show up after a month
of not calling demanding a booty call
but turns out she was out of town for
the month didn't realize she was ghosted
and is happy to see him plan to is to
tie his hair pink to get her father's
disapproval but it turns out a perfect
shade of howard red and delights her
family Michaels their snooping on his
son and rebel sister tells him that
she's only using George Maharis because
she thinks he's an internet millionaire
that doesn't seem to be the case though
George Michael tries to get out of his
lithe at fakeblock doesn't exist by
saying the company's gone bankrupt but
she offers to fund it with a bunch of
our own money so Buster's in prison for
the murder of Lucille 2 but Michael
suspects that their parents are hiding
her away somewhere he follows his father
down to Mexico but no Lucille 2 here
George seniors just hoping to reverse
the curse that made him so unmasked
Yulin of course there is no curse turns
out his wife Lucille have replaced his
viagra pills with estrogen pills so he
didn't sleep around on her while she was
in jail while they're down there they're
accosted by a group of Cowboys who claim
this land belongs to the Mexican Romney
family mr. F and they make George
seniors sign the land back over to them
now it's the 2nd of July parade and
Sally Sitwell is running against Lindsay
in Lucille 2's place but Lindsay is
missing too so Tobias goes looking for
her and finds his old love debris who
works well enough as a stand-in for
Lindsay on the float meanwhile job
confused about his sexuality hopes to
get converted back to straight but
misunderstands what closet conversion
means but these fellas are happy to help
him design a magic trick sorry illusion
to bring him in Tony wonder back
together the Christian magician and gay
magician will continue swapping places
between strained gay but an unexpected
twist liquid cement is poured onto Tony
so when Jobe proudly comes out as a gay
man Tony wonder is stuck in the closet
meanwhile a photo turned up of what
looks like Lucille 2 in the stair car
with George seniors brother Oscar
Michael's mom admits she did have Oscars
spirit Lucille 2 away in order to win
the election and build the wall
Michael shares the evidence that Lucille
2 is alive and the DA agrees to let
Buster out of prison unfortunately
that's not Lucille 2 and Oscar that's
George Michael and Maeby on a cousin's
trip to Mexico where they were wearing
wigs for some reason Buster is already
out of prison for the day to be in the
parade but not knowing the DA had just
agreed to release him Buster's
uncle/father oscar breaks him out and
takes him on the run an escape attempt
which would put Buster back in jail for
a few years and that's bail season 5
Part 1 comes to an end
[Music]